feat(changelog): webhosting-deprecated-logcenter-and-stats-on-dedibox 2026-02-12 (#6185)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2026/2026-02-12-webhosting-deprecated-logcenter-and-stats-on-dedibox.mdx

---
title: Logcenter and Stats on Dedibox
status: deprecated
date: 2026-02-12
category: domains-and-webhosting
product: webhosting
---

> As part of ongoing infrastructure improvements, the Logcenter and Stats services on Dedibox are being deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of ongoing infrastructure improvements, the Logcenter and Stats services for Dedibox Webhosting are being deprecated.
```

> The impacted endpoints are logcenter.online.net and stats.online.net.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The impacted endpoints are `logcenter.online.net` and `stats.online.net`.
```
